W-13791510 compile pdk policy gr (#348)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.5/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-compile-policies.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> If you have completed all the steps in xref:policies-pdk-create-project.adoc[], you can compile the custom policy project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can compile the custom policy project after you complete all the steps in xref:policies-pdk-create-project.adoc[].
```

You must compile the custom policy before you can deploy it to a Flex Gateway.

> After you compile, test your policy with the following tutorials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you compile your project, test your policy with the following tutorials:
```

Reviewer: Not sure if it's project or policy, but you'll definitely want to specify what they're compiling.

* xref:policies-pdk-debug-local.adoc[]
* xref:policies-pdk-deploy-policies[]

== Before You Begin

Ensure you have completed all the steps in xref:policies-pdk-create-project.adoc[].

== Build Command

To compile the policy, run the `build `command from the policy's root folder:

[source,ssh]
----
make build
----

> The `build` command preforms the following actions:

Author: Are these actually three separate actions?

Does `build-asset-files` not also generate the configuration files mentioned in the last step?

Reviewer 2: The `build` goal internally executes `build-asset-files` goal, because a precondition of compilation is that all asset files are up-to-date.

Reviewer 2: The `build-asset-files` command is exposed as a separate goal because some of the auto-generated files improve the development experience. Eg. when you're navigating the code with an editor like VS Code, the code tooltips will show an up to date version of the policy configuration.
So, in case you want that, you can simply run `build-asset-files` which will not require your code to compile.

. Runs the `build-asset-files`.

> . Runs the `build` command to compile the policy to a WebAssembly binary file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Runs the `build` command to compile the policy to a `WebAssembly` binary file.
```

> . Generates additional configuration files, not generated by the `build-asset-files` command, required to execute the policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Generates additional configuration files that aren't generated by the `build-asset-files` command and are required to execute the policy. 
```

> The `build` command output the generated files to the `target` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `build` command outputs the generated files to the `target` directories.
```

> . Runs the `cargo build` command to compile the policy to a WebAssembly binary file.

Author: `cargo build` or  `make build`
